But, um, so.
2 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Today, the agenda is pretty short. Um, so just a quick report from the equity thing. Um, the equity thing was about academic.
3 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Housekeeping stuff, uh, which is more affecting woman. Um, and that is already the summary of.
4 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
1, and a half hour meeting.
5 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Mostly, yes, um, so academic housekeeping is stuff that everyone agrees should be done, but no, 1 wants to do. Um, and this is predominantly, uh, affecting woman and.
6 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Since we have a very low proportion of women, um, I can only think of a couple of occurrences where this might have happened. I think the most significant 1 was maybe the scientific advisory board meeting that was done by Leoni, uh, where we had exactly the situation of.
7 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Okay, we have to do this and someone has to be, um.
8 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Has to volunteer and that this then usually falls to a woman. Um, yeah, but unfortunately there wasn't, uh, much more than just the simple fact. Um, and not much recommendations on what you can do about it. So, I think the only.
9 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Thing that we can do about it is be aware of this of this bias.
10 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Then, um, you all have to call me now. Dr Aaron that is for 2 reasons. 1st. We, we smashed the junior researchers at pool. I think the, the main reasons, and the 2nd is a homeless University obviously 1 of the title, it's.
11 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Um, then, um, 1 of the papers, I hope, uh, Max, you have time this week to finalize this and address. I added.
12 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
1, further paper, they just had to discuss and then I just found after already finalizing the submission, but I will send you the, the, it's done with everything so that you can see what changed. But I almost accepted all suggestions except of a couple of cases where the.
13 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
It wasn't complete or something. Um, but thank you very much for being so careful about reading, rereading everything because I know that this takes.
14 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Quite a bit of time um, and that is yeah, it's it's Super valuable to see someone who's going so detailed about everything and thinking oh, is this the right route here? And, uh, so I really appreciate that. Um.
15 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Then Naftali has.
16 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
It's coming, I added, uh, when he will be a way, thank you, Andres, for putting it into the calendar. Um, when he is generally here.
17 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
And there was 1 further idea for this.
18 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Thing and maybe, yeah, that I found interesting, because I read, I'm reviewing a paper and they cited you andrea's and your highest approach to rely reliability. Um, and they mentioned in passing, or they cited you, because they thought that you could use this method also for delineating more than.
19 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Passing time into what is going into reliability namely how does Pre processing? Like, how much variance is.
20 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Attributed to Pre processing, and I saw this would actually be a very nice addition to the brain reliability map thing because they we often have this. Oh, should we Pre process this Ray or that way? And that we also add this as a condition into the ice model to decompose the passing of time. And, um.
21 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Differences in Pre processing and look.
22 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Like, what, how can we, uh, yeah, separate arrow variances into, uh, these 3 source variances into the sources of true variance um, Pre processing variance and passing of time.
23 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Would be interesting, but we still have to, uh.
24 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Yeah, and negotiate a meeting with, but actually, I think it's easiest to just drop by with with him instead of trying to get him to agree to a meeting.
25 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
I don't know. Yeah.
26 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
That's a very nice idea, I think. And, um, it's.
27 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Particularly nice because it, it makes you think about the data structure and sort of what measures are repeated measures and what measures are not repeated measures.
28 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
And because of course, the Pre processing is a repeated measures condition, whereas other things.
29 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
In some of the studies may not be may be conditions that are not repeated.
30 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Within person's right? So basically, you could make a bigger point out of this. Yeah. Mm. Hmm. Yeah. So that's yeah.
31 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
It's also interesting about what the inference goal is in general, like Mm hmm.
32 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Is our reliability estimate? Should it be.
33 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Time point 1 processing method 1.
34 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Onto a time on 2 processing method too, because I think that is usually the inference that you have that, uh, researchers make a claim, or try to generalize to.
35 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Yes, it should be working for other researchers and other people, it should be working for other preprocessing method and.
36 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
At some point as well I like repeating measures.
37 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Yeah, but since, uh, has to do the work, he has to think about how you can exploit this idea, uh, without putting into much effort.
38 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Um.
39 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Yeah, just reminder next week, I think is the research.
40 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Um, the Berlin science wreak thing, uh, is also.
41 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
I forgot when it is anyway. Um, this week, we also have to get together with pharma methods on Friday, um, on the methods, of course, get together formal methods, but methods from home University. Um, then Nicholas is not here, but he has HPC access now um, that.
42 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Surprisingly easy to get a new it account and access.
43 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
And it took a week, then.
44 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Yeah, makes me and also other pH.
45 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
No, we don't have any PhD students. Uh, yeah. Uh, but this PhD Navigator thing is, I think quite interesting. Um, I sat together with the people of the councils and Micah to think about. What do we need? What Teresa but what do PhD students need to do and.
46 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
In which order and we tried to come up with this checklist thing and we all agreed to interview researcher of PhD students. Yeah. The Institute, um.
47 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
And, yes, I wanted to interview, therefore, marks.
48 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
And Nicholas, at some point.
49 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Then, um, yeah, these are all the housekeeping things and since, that was pretty fast, I had some like, more.
50 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Discuss ish things. Uh, but is there some housekeeping that we need to discuss this week?
51 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Okay, um, then there's no housekeeping to discuss and I can continue with the, uh, couple of things. So, 1st thing I think is I have been I spent, I think most of the last week on reading stuff, or maybe even the last 2 weeks, which was.
52 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Amazingly interesting, um, I'm usually.
53 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Not very good at researching literature. I think it's also a little bit, uh, depending on the topic that is quite hard to find the correct things. Like, even if I invest time to research literature, I don't find the correct stuff. So, what changed last week? Is that I was looking at the.
54 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Uh, journals where we are with considering publishing, and I was just reading all the titles that they have ever published and then all the abstracts that were interesting. And then only the papers that rain and, uh, this was much more fruitful because I found a couple of really nice papers that.
55 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Have not pound with keyword search um.
56 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Yeah, and I don't think I would have because the titles, and even the abstracts, we're not super matching to what I had in mind. Uh, but then the papers turned out to be super relevant. Um, and so.
57 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Yeah, for example, um, we used in 1 paper, the term, um, statistical relevancy condition, which is a standing time and philosophy of science, but psychologist reinvent the term apparently, and call it diagnostic. And so.
58 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
So, in the papers on this topic, on psychologists, you read diagnostic in the title, which.
59 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Was for me completely unrelated for what I was searching for, but just mathematically.
60 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Identically defined, uh, basically and, um, yeah, so some, um, yeah, that was just a lesson that I learned to sometimes dig deeper into, uh.
61 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Do a less systematic search in the sense of not relying on keywords, but, uh, like snowballing. So, like, look who cited a paper that is relevant or what cited relevant paper, but also just going through a, and think what is interesting there. Um.
62 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Because it's quite fast to go to 200 titles and to decide oh, no, this is not relevant to pick the 1 out of 200. that might be relevant from the title. Um.
63 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Okay, um, I don't know I'm address. Do you have any recommendations on how to be more efficient about finding the right literature?
64 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
I wish I had, but, I mean, I, I made the same observation that sometimes I, I thought I read most of the things about a topic and then exactly that happens when you described that there's a different name for the same thing.
65 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
And then you have a literature that dates back to 60 or 70 years, or whatever, and everything actually has already been said.
66 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Right and it's easy to miss so I think, yeah, I think it's really have to what you describe. Right? Do the keyword search title search uh.
67 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
John is also talk to other people. That's that's sort of my.
68 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Uh, my main source of of knowledge is just ask people, especially people who have been in the field for 20 years more than you have been.
69 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
And then they often know the literature and now the terms.
70 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Right and then you have the, the additional problem that you go to a different field like economics Econometrics.
71 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
And they have been doing the same thing for decades and call it yet again differently.
72 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
And at some point where you have to stop, of course, and say, like, okay, this is.
73 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Sort of what's known in this field and it can only research so far.
74 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Yeah, but a, maybe the lesson particularly for your own writing is.
75 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
That it really matters what keywords you pick, because this is very often something I feel, you know, I'm.
76 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
I am not very motivated to come up with keywords because, I mean, it's a point where you've written this whole thing and you're kind of, you know, you want to submit it.
77 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Get it off your desk and then it's easy to just dismiss this as an exercise. That's not very valuable. But, I mean, the lesson here is maybe that it's really is important that you pick.
78 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Proper keywords that are not in your title and that are not in your abstract.
79 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
This makes a good keyword, I think.
80 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
I think very good point in regards to keyboards that if they are already in the title and abstract.
81 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
There's little advantage of putting them as a keyword keyword as well. Um.
82 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Then I got a very like, I was sometimes I'm really.
83 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Surprised by how publishing works, because I got an email by nature human behavior, whether I want to submit.
84 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
A paper predicting natural disasters, because they think I'm an expert and predicting that stuff.
85 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
I didn't know that. It's like a part of the criticism that I, I'm a natural disaster, but really, how, how could they come up with this idea? And it's just because I have reviewed a couple of papers in the past, um, or started in the last couple of months, reviewing a couple of pain of them.
86 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
And now they write and I find that, like, pretty predatory and it's not.
87 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
I checked, it's not like it's not impossible. Like, it's not impersonating them. It's like the actual.
88 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Associate editor of this channel from the official spring I email is asking me to submit a paper for a special issue and I find that.
89 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Extremely strange. Why would they do that?
90 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
What I can't it's super weird.
91 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Yeah, I mean, we are used to that from some publishers like that. I like walking around this whole special issue thing, but you saw that, like, these high impact channels wouldn't do such a thing. Um, yeah. Anyway.
92 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
I mean, they are companies at the end of the day at the end of the day what they have to maximize revenue.
93 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
And this leads to very odd things and especially if these are sort of with the national.
94 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Basically, international companies, um, with different branches, and they are just so big. I guess that the different sub journals are managed very differently. I think even if it's a nature Journal, which has, of course, a very high reputation in the field.
95 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
But I think there are many things wrong, especially with high impact journals.
96 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Even if they don't do these predatory practices, they.
97 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
I think just the, the reviewers that they often pick.
98 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
It's, it's just outrageous, you know, I mean, I, I think I told you that I submitted this 1 paper with outreach to science and it actually was in the review process of science.
99 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Um, and it was rejected among other things, of course, because 1 of the reviewers said.
100 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
That, you know, basically, why do we use statistics to make our point? Because.
101 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Clearly the review, I can see that everything looks very differently in the 1 figure that we showed.
102 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
We show the data, it looks very different to what our model predicts. So, why we do need statistical modeling in the 1st place and that. It should. It's all bogus bullshit. Basically.
103 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
And this is the top tier journey that we have.
104 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
This is it's just very frustrating. I think.
105 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
And we appeal to the editor, making points about statistical modeling is important and then they didn't even get back to us.
106 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
And this is 1 of the many things that go wrong with these channels.
107 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Apart from the whole criticism that of course, they, they basically pick.
108 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
I'm sorry, they basically pick.
109 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Things that are sort of novel and interesting and exciting. And by this way, introducing a lot of bias into the field.
110 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Right and sort of encouraged indirectly and all these kind of criticism. So I, I'm see, I think I got used to these kind of practices that I'm not even surprised.
111 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
And, I mean, in general, you get like, longer you are in this field, the more of these kind of emails you get.
112 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
And they get stranger and stranger I got this the other time I got this email I wasn't invited to a special issue on.
113 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
On the removal of forests, right? In an ecological Journal, because I published on decision trees in statistics.
114 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Okay, okay, but what is the I'm doing this, like, this kind of predatory behavior.
115 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Revenue outreach, they just basically want to maximize the impact so they try to publish as much as they can. And since they are journalists that don't print anymore.
116 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
They have virtually no costs. I mean, they have these are big publishing houses. They have the whole machinery working. They have these production offices anyway.
117 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
So, if they just add 1 more Journal, it doesn't cost them anything. Basically.
118 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
In the grand scheme of things, so they can afford to just.
119 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Have new journals and then, I mean.
120 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
A John is successful if they publish a lot of stuff, right? Because then this.
121 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Increases citation count, then you a check new office again and so forth. So.
122 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
And they, that is 1 of the main criticism. And I think, uh, Max planning is 1 of the most depend on that regard that open times for the past decade has been mainly about open access.
123 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Um, which means that, instead of pay per read, you pay per publish, um, which means the more like, nature wouldn't even care about.
124 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Being cited or something, if enough people just publish there, they pay for public. So every paper that is published there, I think nature human behavior. It costs 7,000 euro to publish there.
125 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
So, if we would submit a paper, there it is 7,000 Euro. That is.
126 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
It's different for special issues, and probably they have like a discount because they invited you and stuff, but they earn money by publishing.
127 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Each paper, um, and the criticism that marks blank, I think.
128 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Like, they have become through open access a lot more profitable donors, um, which is, I think, often overlooked.
129 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Uh, because at 1st, like, and it's the MO, most major 1, they was like, no, we don't do this kind of like paper publish. Um, but then some people adapted it and figure out that it's much more profitable, uh, than selling subscriptions. Um.
130 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
I think, um, it's just that there was more money everyone was expecting open signs will cost money. So they a lot of more budgets wide.
131 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Including my, um, so they have an enormous amount of money that they allocated specifically to that, because they're like, oh, if we want to do things better, they cost more. Mm. Hmm. And so it was justified. And, uh, there's also this, um.
132 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Appeal process through the European Union that you.
133 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Talk to your representative about what you want. Um, and this is something that is very sellable where they can, where.
134 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Someone who is not a scientist immediately understands why it's useful to say we want to make science accessible and then oh, and this is expensive and they just accepted and write it into a budget for European Union. Um, and so, for example, there was a huge lobbying effort. Um.
135 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
In for all the science funding that they, if something is funded by the European Union, and so forth has to be published, open access and this was.
136 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Lobbied by not only open signed advocates, but also by publishing companies. Um, and for example, I think, uh.
137 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Clear reasoning in 2010 for society was we have the money, we can outcompete people here because we can just pay our way through.
138 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Um, and if you talk to next time, digital library, they even admits to that being a concern, uh, for them that they can reach scientific Excellency by not doing anything else, but pay out pay people. And that is also weird.
139 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
For example, the publishing costs, uh, for nature are the highest of them all. Um, but the cost of course, is not higher. Okay. In nature. It's a printed Journal. So, for the non printed, you still have this rank order is more expensive to publish in high impact on us. But the cost is not higher. So there's like, it's obvious that they are just skimming.
140 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Money from this process a little bit. Mm. Hmm.
141 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Yeah, why don't we, why are we on the topic, uh, on, uh, this? I have a interesting paper that I'm reviewing this. The same. Uh.
142 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
I talked about earlier and I'm not quite sure how to do.
143 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
A good peer review, because they do all the right things for all the wrong reasons. So they come to the correct conclusion and recommend the right things, but actually.
144 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
It is inverse. Even the title is wrong. So, the title is something about.
145 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Uh, for but also try to, um.
146 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Trading bias for variance is in the title, but the mechanism that they use.
147 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Is actually they are trading by variance for bias.
148 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Um, and now I'm, I'm like, it is very hard in, in written text to persuade someone that they have, like, a major logical flaw on what they're doing.
149 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Yeah, and now I'm, I don't know quite how to how to behave, because, of course, I want this paper to be published because it's excellent and just because they swapped bias and variance. It doesn't change anything, but still, it's it's a major thing to swap the core argument. Um.
150 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Well, the good thing is that you are not in a position that you have to make the decision.
151 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Right this is the editors job. This is the 1st thing to realize as a reviewer. It's not.
152 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
You who has to make a decision about whether this is publishable or not.
153 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
But it's about your opinion and I would write it. Exactly. As you just told it to us.
154 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
You tell them this is an excellent paper. It's an important contribution to the literature.
155 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
It makes very good points. Um, but.
156 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Well, this sort of a reversal in the logic.
157 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
And, uh, you have the following suggestions maybe I mean, if you're a kind reviewer, you make constructive.
158 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Points how they can change it. That's also not something a reviewer has to do. It's also okay. Just to point out where your thing.
159 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Think things go wrong, but, I mean, if you thought about it for so long, you can even point them and make a suggestion on how you think.
160 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Uh, this is fixed by changing the order in the title of the terms and I don't know.
161 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Yeah, tell them that as a sort of a logical thought, even though the conclusion is correct and so forth and.
162 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
So this is, this is what's what's valuable both to the editor and to the, to the office, I think. Yeah.
163 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Yeah, I guess I'm, I'm struggling with being so clear why this is the case because of course buyers, various trade off it's a subtle issue and they don't apply it to a statistical modeling per se, but they apply it to science.
164 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
As a, as a learner, um, and so there is.
165 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Yeah, and, uh, and I wonder how much effort I should put into providing a very clear explanation because at some point, I'm feeling like I'm writing then a paper for them. Not really of course. But like.
166 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
And it's intriguing, you know, I like to think about what is.
167 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
What are they doing wrong? Exactly. And why are they doing it? Um, but I'm just.
168 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Yeah, wondering how much time to invest in to.
169 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Why this is no.
170 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Understand, but, you know, the rule number 1 for kind reviewers like you are is you are not an author.
171 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
This is something you should tell yourself every 15 minutes of doing a review. You are not a CO author.
172 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Right. So tell them.
173 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Point them to the things that are wrong and make a sort of.
174 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
I mean, reason about this and make a make a reasonable statement. Why you think so?
175 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Don't fix it for them. Yeah.
176 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Yeah, maybe he'll come from lunch we can discuss the exact bias variance problem because it's very intriguing. Uh.
177 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
That would be nice, but unfortunately, we I have 2 sick kids and I'll stay home.
178 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
And I will only be here, like, next week again.
179 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
That's sad not even Friday or Friday we put this with a group marks.
180 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
On Friday, we could also discuss the max.
181 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Yeah, but I'm, I'm, I'm gone anyway. I mean, my original plan was to leave for a holiday. This is why I can't join on Friday.
182 "Andreas Brandmaier" (941395968)
Anyway, so sorry to hear that either, I'm, I'll be on vacation or I'll be sick. I worked right.
183 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
I I hope for the former.
184 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Okay, um.
185 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Yeah, with that I don't have anything else.
186 "Aaron Peikert" (4074214912)
Okay, then, um, C around, um, and at latest next Wednesday, 1 on.
187 "Maximilian Ernst" (119267584)
Evening writing most of you.
188 "Maximilian Ernst" (119267584)
Okay.